lib: sms: Add support for Service Center Address (#15993)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/sms.rst

SMS notifications are received using AT commands, but those are not visible for the users of this module.
The module automatically acknowledges the SMS messages received on behalf of each listener.

> The SMS module reads the SMS service center number using the ``AT+CSCA?`` AT command.

Author: I've been struggling to select the terminology for the document for the phone number (and service center number is the same). 3GPP talks about destination address and source address instead of recipient and sender phone numbers. I've kind of made a choice to talk about "number" instead of "address" in the documentation to be more understandable for the average user of SMS library who doesn't know the protocol or 3GPP details.

Although I realize word "address" is used in the the code and even in some parts of the public API, I've stick to the "number" in the documentation of the SMS library.

> The SMS module reads the SMS service center number using the ``AT+CSCA?`` AT command.

Reviewer: ok, I found it a bit confusing mixing terminology of service center number and service center address, as the latter is what I've seen elsewhere in our documentation etc.. So I thought it might be better to align, but it is ok by me to keep it as is.

> The SMS module reads the SMS service center number using the ``AT+CSCA?`` AT command.

Author: Äh, seems both terms are used in the public API. I'll change this to address and mention that it means the service center phone number so everybody should be able to understand it.

SMS notifications are received using AT commands, but those are not visible for the users of this module.
The module automatically acknowledges the SMS messages received on behalf of each listener.

> The SMS module reads SMS service center number using ``AT+CSCA?`` AT command.
> Most applications do not need to set custom SMS service center number but default value is enough.
> However, if your application requires custom SMS service center number, you can set it using ``AT+CSCA`` AT command.
> Because ``AT+CSCA`` AT command is not supported by the modem firmware, you can use the :ref:`lib_gcf_sms_readme` library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SMS module reads the SMS service center number using the ``AT+CSCA?`` AT command.
Most applications do not need to set a custom SMS service center number because the default value is enough.
However, if your application requires a custom SMS service center number, you can set it using the ``AT+CSCA`` AT command.
Because ``AT+CSCA`` AT command is not supported by the modem firmware, you can use the :ref:`lib_gcf_sms_readme` library.
```

Configuration
*************

Configure the following mandatory Kconfig options when using this library:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SMS` - Enables the SMS library.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SMS_SUBSCRIBERS_MAX_CNT` - Sets the maximum number of SMS subscribers.

> Check and configure the following optional Kconfig option when using this library:
> 
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_GCF_SMS` - Enables the :ref:`lib_gcf_sms_readme` library for ``AT+CSCA`` AT command support to allow custom SMS service center number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check and configure the optional :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_GCF_SMS` Kconfig option when using this library.
It enables the :ref:`lib_gcf_sms_readme` library for the ``AT+CSCA`` AT command support to allow a custom SMS service center number.
```
